Add documentation for Discord voice channels (#389)
srobo/docs: team_admin/discord.md

When asking for support, it's best to ask in public rooms unless there's a specific reason not to. This not only allows other teams who may be struggling with the same issue to benefit, but also allows them to contribute to a solution and discuss potential improvements.

If your school / institution has multiple teams (`ABC2` etc), these will be separate channels (`team-ABC1`, `team-ABC2` etc). Team leaders will be in all team channels relevant to their school / institution, however as competitors can only be in a single team, they'll only be in a single team channel.

#### Voice channels

It may be beneficial to have a voice channel for your team, whether for communication within your team or easier support from Student Robotics.

> If you'd like a voice channel for your team(s), please let us know either in Discord or by email. Only requests from a team supervisor will be honoured. Please note that for safeguarding purposes, blue-shirts will only join voice calls when asked and can only be around whilst a responsible adult (team leader, parent) is also in the call. Team supervisors also be responsible for ensuring conduct in these rooms meets our rules.

Reviewer: Realise you've copied the existing style here but could we please standardise on `blueshirt` as we use this more widely in communications and on the website.

```suggestion
If you'd like a voice channel for your team(s), please let us know either in Discord or by email. Only requests from a team supervisor will be honoured. Please note that for safeguarding purposes, blueshirts will only join voice calls when asked and can only be around whilst a responsible adult (team leader, parent) is also in the call. Team supervisors also be responsible for ensuring conduct in these rooms meets our rules.
```
